README.md, before:

# repo-techsushi-portfolio-py
#
# https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/

**Pending Improvements**
* Reddit Media Reviewer

>
> 1. Include "BACK" or "BEFORE" link (opposite of "NEXT" or "AFTER" link)
> 2. ~~Count image/videos retrieved for display - ensure AT LEAST (limit), over is better than under~~
> 3. ~~human? required checkbox to allow clicking browse media~~
> 4. ~~data regex sanitization of subreddit text field azAZ0-9 and + symbol, underscore etc~~
> 5. ~~[a-zA-Z0-9]+|[\+\_\-]~~
> 6. ~~do not load first page, first time with any results - force-ish toward using Human? checkbox~~
> 7. add date / days ago to media entry display
> 8. handle dist = 0 for end of new > next > next > next (instead of error displayed)
> 9. name or acronym - reddit media reveal redmedrev ?
>

* Blog

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* Career Path Tree

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* General Website

>
> 1. IP by page by time
> 2. Param to determine source - LinkedIn profile, LinkedIn post, Facebook
>

* LinkedIn Search

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* Multicloud vendor for HA

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* Honeypot w/ detection and auto mitigation & alert

>
> 1. ASA VPN separate device using database for capture
> 2. Something else
>

* OIDC OpenID Example (perhaps link to redmedrev tool?)

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* Metrics or (actionable) report similar to SIEM

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

Commit message:

Update blog section with LinkedIn posts retrieval

README.md, after:

# repo-techsushi-portfolio-py
#
# https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/

**Pending Improvements**
* Reddit Media Reviewer

>
> 1. Include "BACK" or "BEFORE" link (opposite of "NEXT" or "AFTER" link)
> 2. ~~Count image/videos retrieved for display - ensure AT LEAST (limit), over is better than under~~
> 3. ~~human? required checkbox to allow clicking browse media~~
> 4. ~~data regex sanitization of subreddit text field azAZ0-9 and + symbol, underscore etc~~
> 5. ~~[a-zA-Z0-9]+|[\+\_\-]~~
> 6. ~~do not load first page, first time with any results - force-ish toward using Human? checkbox~~
> 7. add date / days ago to media entry display
> 8. handle dist = 0 for end of new > next > next > next (instead of error displayed)
> 9. name or acronym - reddit media reveal redmedrev ?
>

* Blog

>
> 1. Retrieve LinkedIn Posts for copy or display in river format
> 2. Something else
>

* Career Path Tree

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* General Website

>
> 1. IP by page by time
> 2. Param to determine source - LinkedIn profile, LinkedIn post, Facebook
>

* LinkedIn Search

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* Multicloud vendor for HA

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* Honeypot w/ detection and auto mitigation & alert

>
> 1. ASA VPN separate device using database for capture
> 2. Something else
>

* OIDC OpenID Example (perhaps link to redmedrev tool?)

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>

* Metrics or (actionable) report similar to SIEM

>
> 1. Something
> 2. Something else
>
